[docs] Add ysql_num_shards_per_tserver and update yb_num_shards_per_tserver (#3925)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/reference/configuration/yb-master.md

Default: `3`

##### --yb_num_shards_per_tserver

The number of shards per YB-TServer for each YCQL table when a user table is created.

> Default: `-1` (server internally sets default value). For servers with two or less CPU cores, then the default value is `4`. For four or more CPU cores, the default value is `8`. If set using `yb-ctl` or `yb-docker-ctl`, then the default value is `2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default: `-1` (server internally sets default value). For servers with two or less CPU cores, then the default value is `4`. For four or more CPU cores, the default value is `8`. Local cluster installations like `yb-ctl` and `yb-docker-ctl` use a value of `2` for this gflag.
```

As a side note, I'm wondering if it's too much information to tell what value yb-ctl or yb-docker-ctl uses for this.

> Default: `-1` (server internally sets default value). For servers with two or less CPU cores, then the default value is `4`. For four or more CPU cores, the default value is `8`. If set using `yb-ctl` or `yb-docker-ctl`, then the default value is `2`.

Reviewer: This value can be overriden on a per table basis using `WITH tablets = <num>` clause of `CREATE TABLE` statement.

Author: Added note.

##### --ysql_num_shards_per_tserver

> The number of shards per YB-TServer for each YSQL table when a user table is created.

Reviewer: Since you've mentioned yb-ctl and yb-docker-ctl in the CQL gflag: This flag is set to 2 as well for local cluster installations.

Author: Got it.

Default: `3`

##### --yb_num_shards_per_tserver

The number of shards per YB-TServer for each YCQL table when a user table is created.

Default: `-1` (server internally sets default value). For servers with two or less CPU cores, then the default value is `4`. For four or more CPU cores, the default value is `8`. Local cluster installations, created using `yb-ctl` and `yb-docker-ctl`, use a value of `2` for this option.

{{< note title="Important" >}}

This value must match on all `yb-master` and `yb-tserver` configurations of a YugabyteDB cluster.

{{< /note >}}

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> On a per-table basis, the [`CREATE TABLE ... WITH TABLETS = <num>`](../../../api/ycql/ddl_create_table/#with-tablets) clause can be used to override the `yb_num_shards_per_tserver` value.

Reviewer: Is the link correct? Maybe it should be:
`../../../api/ycql/ddl_create_table/#create-a-table-specifying-the-number-of-tablets`

Author: With all of the changes and cross-references, it looks like you're right. Fixed.
